
[Version 1.3]
	In this new version 1.3 we have as a novelty that the presence
	now shows the icon of the programming language of the file that
	is currently being edited in Notepad++. This new option can be
	enabled or disabled from the plugin options dialog, by default
	this option is enabled.

	Some errors and security problems in the source code were also
	corrected, on the other hand if you notice that something is
	wrong with the plugin, notify me let know so I can fix it!
	
[Version 1.4]
	In this new version, new options were added to modify the presence
	in discord a little more. The option "Show current file" was
	added, its function is to hide or show the name of the file that
	is being edited, in addition a second option "Show elapsed time"
	was added, its function is to hide or show the time elapsed since
	it started the Notepad++ application

	Other improvements:
	- Added a description of the "Reset" button in the options window
	- Now the file extension is not shown as before "Editing a CPP file"
	  now the respective name of the language "Editing a C++ file" is shown
	- Added support for Windows resource files, now it shows as
	  "Editing a RESOURCE file"
	  
[Version 1.5]
	In this new version you can now have an even more customized
	presence with the ease of modifying "details", "state" and
	"large text" using tags. Using the variables or tags found in the
	drop-down list in the options window, you can modify how the file
	type is displayed, in uppercase "PYTHON", lowercase "python" or
	PascalCase "Python"
	Other improvements:
	- Added a link in the options window to create an application
	- Bugs were found in the source code and resolved
	- Added a documentation in the repository to create an application
	
[Version 1.6]
	This new version does not bring very relevant changes in the sense
	of adding a new option in the options window or any change in the
	rich presence, for the moment only bugs and errors in the operation
	of the plugin were solved
	
[Version 1.6.6]
	Fixed a problem with Typescript where it was not displaying the
	language image in the rich presence. So far that was the only
	change applied. If there is any bug I don't know about let me 
	know or create a fork and contribute to the project!

[Version 1.7.6]
	Fixed a problem when adding the custom ID of the application
	which was throwing an error message saying that the ID is
	invalid because it was out of range of the ID which is 17 - 19,
	now you can enter your custom ID application without problems
	
[Version 1.8.6]
	Contributor Ameer Alntsheh added a new image for the Assembly
	programming language. So far there are no bugs in the code that
	need to be fixed.
	